Init (#1)
infinum/eightshift-forms-utils: README.md

![image](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/204961525/1788eeba-8046-47bf-b315-32b060db1c8e)

[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/infinum/eightshift-forms-utils.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-forms-utils)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/infinum/eightshift-forms-utils.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Stars)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-forms-utils)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/infinum/eightshift-forms-utils.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-forms-utils)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/gh/infinum/eightshift-forms-utils/branch/develop?label=Codecov&style=for-the-badge&token=02Lfa2jjoK)](https://codecov.io/gh/infinum/eightshift-forms-utils)

# Eightshift Forms Utils Library

> Eightshift Forms Utils library is a set of helpers and utils that can be used in the main Eightshift Forms plugin or additional Add-on plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eightshift Forms Utils library is a set of helpers and utils that can be used in the main Eightshift Forms plugin or additional Add-ons.
```
